I am reviewing the change and implementation of the "add-draws" functionality. I am noticing some issues. I will explain them to you and then you will decide if it would be better to create a new proposal via opsx:propose command or fixing the issues directly.

1. I see two buttons when the user opens the draw participation modal. One for "Ya me registré antes" and other for "Nuevo participante". This is inherited from auctions functionality, but it is wrong. We will not need this for the draw functionality, since the case where the same user opt in for the same draw will not happen.
2. Regarding first point: Access password in the email that is sent to the user will not be needed. So we will only remove this "bid_password" column from 'draw_buyers' table. This only made sense for auctions.
3. More on database structure: I do not know if we would need 'draw_participations', since each user will only have one participation. You must analyze this and decide if it is necessary. If you think it is, leave it as it is.
4. We need to think about a way to validate and make sure that just one real person participates in a draw. We must avoid multiple people registrating for the same draw (with different email addresses, changing his ip, using a vpn, etc). We can use a combination of email verification, person ID (Spanish DNI), ip address tracking, and captcha to ensure that only one real person participates in a draw. Analyze all the options available and try to implement a secure functionality/behaviour in order to avoid one real person opting in multiple times.
5. One more thing on this: We would need to run this validation and disallow the user to participate in the draw because of already opted in the step 2 of the opt in modal window. Maybe we would need to add a "DNI" field in this form, apart from name and email fields. The user should not wait until the very last step to see the validation error.
6. I need you to fix a issue I am noticing in the @client/components/DrawParticipationModal.js modal window final step. I am noticing that, when the user has typed in all the information and clicks on the "Confirmar inscripción" button, a glitch or error is being shown. I do not know why is it caused, but when the user clicks on that button, the modal window content changes for a second and some information for a password is shown. Then, after another second, the modal content shows the final step information again.
Since we will not have password functionality anymore, you must investigate this issue and fix it. The api request for "/api/draws/bce72114-1aed-4f92-a4a7-3030ecdfb79b/enter" is being performed correctly. So you will have to fix the issue about the flashing password information and successfully close the modal when the user clicks on the "Confirmar inscripción" button. Maybe it would be good to show the user a notification in the bottom of the page informing the user tht he opted in correctly. You can use @client/components/BannerNotification.js component for this.

Please analyze all this issues and perform the implementation of the changes and functionalities, either by making the changes directly or by creating a new proposal via opsx:propose command.
Please stop and ask me if you have any doubt or question about the implementation details, or if you think any information I gave you is missing or incomplete.